You and Xie Shizhao are worthy of being father and son
If you can't beat it, call Dad
That's a really neat trick
That's not right.
Ouch, do you know to kill me?
All the people who are related to you
There are also fake merchants.
All must die
No, no.
Can't kill him
I can't hurt my dad
Lord, don't worry.
For your sake, I will not owe the Lianjiang family
untouchable
No matter how good you are, what can you do?
As long as there is still one person in my Xie family
Galloping Jiangnan is all about the imperial court
What are you fighting with me?
Hahahaha yes
What about all the scum under the Xian family?
How dare you say that?
Why wouldn't I?
Since you threatened your family
Who do you think is more unreliable?
Today is because of your words
Let your family be buried with you
What a big breath
How dare you threaten my son?
Little sister, you are courting death